attention that will send back the
center and in the middle of the sofa here is
just saved ladies and gentlemen the
header to the right corner nahuelpán not what
can you believe he just lost it
in front of the goal the ball was where
was to fold yes and it seemed that
could have lifted the assistant from the
banderole at the end meets the
auction does it with the crown more or less
how are they going to be the home runs in the
concacaf to precision that the web has
to see if he does not forgive the arm
from pachuca
he could not answer look as good as
he said almost the third was not going to
forgive nahuelpán and the party is 1 to
0 how bad the defensive line brand
from the solos the
vision and above all michael orozco does not
It takes time to recompose the path lost
the mark of ariel nahuelpán follows the
ball does not turn it to see smart you
finally touch the boot for a
man that is enabled and with that
left leg ends up liquidating
any chance for federico
vilar the tuzos are in front of a
force
it just lost the unhealthy chucky
when he told us daniela rodríguez
that auction and now if I ask you
daniela how this was lived because
will follow a goal made with you
with a lot of unaltered
the local team were almost celebrating
he had his hands to his head saying
well it may not be possible but right now
yesterday I saw the streets to which he missed a
goal made attention here has the
return
virar shot that attacks at 30 minutes
was very close to the second pachuca by
now the figure is ariel nahuelpán yes
He has definitely played very hard to do
the center forward has touched many
Sometimes the ball is the fifth one in the
which has a contribution there was
Hernandez played for guido to protest
it took away a lot of tension here is
stage
again I do not know about mosquera
neglect
on the backs to the defenders of
pachuca and was very close to scoring
It seemed like it was out of place but
It was very tight because it will come back
that disables and when you have that
possibility he wanted to do with the
inspect how she's showing you in the
ball tries to do it with the instep
shot on the right for for eights
enabled attention to what is good in
shot and you just lost the goal
although the ball bounced and there's shot of
corner ladies and gentlemen what is
he ate in argentina h
as it is in front it bounces
finally on the back
Rodriguez and has been very close to me
missed aim attention here is the
play that is criminal
but the criminal penal penal end end
ladies and gentlemen there is a lack inside the
Mosquera area on the back card
yellow for the Colombian and capital of
pachuca the roman team has the
possibility of tying the match and the
Question
the fourth official is because I want
comes does the car pass with the chest
wins and the mosquera moment and what
hooks with the left leg ends
to knock him down with his left leg is
a clear criminal and what is asked
Ruben omar Roman is because I do not take him out
being an obvious goal opportunity
the red card aquivaldo mosquera se
is left with the yellow card for me
it was without marking the penalty does not take much
distance track the referee attention
flowers comes tijuana arm with the
xolos just tied it nailed in the
angle a large p
very well charged by Chilean so
flowers put the one to one for us
you do not make goals that make you say
the football saying and at the end with this
left leg a great power
also placed he knows where he's going to touch
the impossible ball for the rabbit pérez
that by the reaction that it has could
get to that ball and it's obvious the
annoyance of diego alonso who knows that his
team
could control the going looking here to
full speed of attention to the healthy
the pass so that it does not return to
appear and the shot
speed through the center
Push
star the Uruguayan for pachuca
what reading does it give to go and to the
movement that has won the bread the
how he manages to turn the ball over
everything sweeping before the exit of
federico vilar and urretaviscaya is
Attentive at the right moment wins Núñez
to push the ball and send it to
background of the network and in this way pachuca
in one of those stress lights that you
they need in a football game that
spark that finally reaches minute 77
Mark the goal that has them so far
with the